DAN: Not long after we freed New Vestroia,
King Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought with
him the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
DAN: But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and
transferred their powers to six Bakugan.
DAN: Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve into
more powerful versions of themselves.
DAN: The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands
and the stakes are high.
But we're ready to fight!
[\u266a]
SAMURAI PARK STAFF: Welcome!
Thanks for coming and don't forget that tomorrow
is the grand opening of our newest attraction
Samurai Park, where you can experience ancient
Japan first hand!
VOLT: Humph...where are you Brawlers?
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Samurai Showdown.
DAN: Okay, Ace...I'm taking you down this hand.
ACE: Hey I dunno, Dan.
I've been watching the cards and I think you're
holding the last one I need to take it.
ACE: Let's see. Am I right?
DAN: [growl]
DAN: [scream] But I was so close!
ACE: Hmmm.
BARON: Whoa. Master Dan sure takes his cards seriously.
DAN: Man, I haaaaaate losing.
RUNO: Dan has a lousy poker face.
JULIE: Maybe, but his regular face sure is cute.
DAN: Ahhhh, this game is kinda dumb anyway.
The only cards that matter to me are Ability Cards.
DRAGO: I must admit. Even I am craving a good brawl.
ACE: Dan...we're all going crazy, but let's keep
it in check.
MARUCHO: Ace is right, Dan.
Look what happened to Mira and Runo when they went
out to brawl.
[beeping]
Huh?
KLAUS: Well... Good morning fellow brawlers.
DAN: Klaus?
KATO: Huh?
MARON: Mmmm... Is Baron here?
KATO: And who are you?
KLAUS: So... how are things since your return to Earth?
MARUCHO: Not great.
MIRA: The Vexos took the Subterra and Aquos
Energies from us.
KLAUS: Are you serious?
DAN: Don't worry, pal.
They won't be taking any more from us...How are you
holding up on Vestal?
KLAUS: There's been no trace of them here since
your departure.
So it would seem our theory about them luring
you away from Vestal was correct.
Please be careful everyone.
DAN: Safety's the rule, dude...
we aren't taking anymore chances with the remaining
energies....right...Drago?
DRAGO: You better believe it.
KLAUS: Oh, before I forget. Baron, my boy.
BARON: Uh, yeah?
KLAUS: Your little sister came around to my place
looking for you after you left....She should be
paying you a visit shortly.
BARON: Greeeaaat!
It'll be nice to - uhhh...what?
NEMUS: Maron's coming here to Earth?
KATO: A visitor...has arrived, Master Marucho.
MARON: Big brother!
MARON: [excited squeal]
BARON: Maron. What's wrong?
MARON: Nothing. I just really missed you Baron so I thought...
I'd come here.
BARON: Maron, this place isn't safe for little kids like you.
MARON: [gasp]
MARON: Are you mad at me?
BARON: I'm really sorry about all this...I left my
family Klaus' contact info in case of an emergency
but I didn't think this would happen.
DAN: No sweat, big guy.
DRAGO: Maron misses her big brother.
You can't blame her for that.
RUNO: You know, Baron...Since your little
sis' came all this way, it's only polite that you
show her around town.
JULIE: This is her first visit to Earth after all.
BARON: Uh...yeah but...
NEMUS Maybe they're right Baron.
What harm could a little sight seeing do?
BARON: [sigh]
MARON: I can go home.
BARON: Are you kidding me?
We're going to have the best day ever Maron!
MARON: [delighted squeal]
SCREAMING PEOPLE: [excited/terrified screams]
BARON: So what d'ya think?
There isn't anything quite like this on Vestal, huh?
MARON: This place is wonderful, Baron.
BARON: I thought the same thing the first time Dan
brought me here.
MARON: Hey, look at that!
BARON: Maron, wait!
NEMUS: Maron sure moves fast, doesn't she?
BARON: Huh? What's this?
MARON: [delighted squeal] Thank-you so much bear.
BARON: ...The Grand Opening of Samurai Park.
MARON: Samurai Park. What's that?
BARON: Mmmmm. Our next stop!
MARON: Mmmhmmm.
INGRAM: Are you sure about this, Shun?
Maybe we should tell the others.
SHUN: Telling them will just make them worry and
they're stressed enough as it is...This is something
that I need to do, Ingram...I can't hide out any longer.
[\u266a]
VOLT: There you are.
MARON: Are you sure it's open, Baron?
NEMUS: It definitely looks closed to me.
BARON: Mmmmm...Whaaaat? I got the date wrong.
It says here it doesn't open until tomorrow.
MARON: So we can't go in, then?
BARON: Sorry Maron...How 'bout we go back to the other
park and go on the roller coaster...til we throw up.
MARON: [giggle] Sounds good.
[\u266a]
SHUN: You're the Vexos they call Volt.
VOLT: I recognize you too, Brawler...Shun, isn't it?
MARON: What's that, Baron?
BARON: Hmm? Oh this?
NEMUS: I didn't know you brought your Gauntlet with you.
BARON: Uh-huh.
MARON: Can you show me how to use it?
BARON: Okay, sure.
VOLT: You've got nerve, Shun...Showing your
face...after your fellow Brawlers were humiliated.
SHUN: Don't make the mistake, Volt...of
thinking their skills are equal to mine.
VOLT: Very well...let's see these skills of yours...
BARON: So you go like this...
VOLT: ...and then I'll show you mine!
SHUN: Let's go!
VOLT/BARON/SHUN: Gauntlet! Power Strike!
BARON: Huh?
BARON: Whah?
NEMUS: Baron! It looks like-
BARON: -time has stopped...but who's doing it?
SHUN: Gate Card, set!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan, stand!
SHUN: Ventus Ingram!
VOLT: Bakugan Brawl!
VOLT: Bakugan Stand!
VOLT: Haos Boriates!
VOLT/SHUN: Ability activate!
[\u266a]
VOLT: Prometheus Cannon!
SHUN: Wind Power! Glimmering Shadow Slash!
[\u266a]
VOLT: Ability Activate!
VOLT: Element Glow!
[\u266a]
SHUN: Double Ability Activate!
SHUN: Armored Intense Mode!
INGRAM: [grunt]
SHUN: ...Plus Wind Echo!
INGRAM: Huuuuuaaaahhh!
VOLT: Ability Activate!
VOLT: Firebolt Axe!
VOLT: That's it! Axe marks the spot!
INGRAM: [pain]
[\u266a]
SHUN: Gate Card, open!
SHUN: Ventus Reactor!
INGRAM: Haahhh!
VOLT: I'm impressed, Shun...You're Brawling
skills are strong.
SHUN: I know.
SHUN: Come Ventus Slash! Time to fight!
[\u266a]
VOLT: Come Haos Drone Spider!
VOLT: Drone Spider, switch to Arm Mode!
VOLT: Join with Boriates!
VOLT: Now it's time to drop the hammer!
INGRAM: [grunt] Shun!
SHUN: Alright. Now it's our turn.
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Twin Fangs, Phantom Comet Storm!
[\u266a]
VOLT: Big deal...Ability activate!
VOLT: Vector Phalanx!
[blasts]
INGRAM: [pain]
SHUN: Ingram!
[explosions]
[\u266a]
INGRAM: [grunt] Sorry Shun.
SHUN: Ingram!
No...it's my fault for underestimating this Vexos.
VOLT: A ninja is no match for a samurai. Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Ingram! We must win at any cost!
[\u266a]
MARON: Wow!
Cool! So how come everything frozen like this, Baron?
BARON: Well, it's um, because...
NEMUS: Powering your Gauntlet wouldn't have
done this, would it?
Don't you need to be in battle?
BARON: Yeah, usually, but everyone is back at the
house so who could it be?
BARON: What?
It looks like Master Shun and Volt are battling.
NEMUS: And it looks like they're close.
BARON: We should help them!
VOLT: Come Bakugan Trap, Drone Spider!
VOLT: Drone Spider switch to Arm Mode!
VOLT: Join with Boriates!
[\u266a]
INGRAM: [growl]
BARON: They're in here?
VOLT: Let's go! Battle-Arm Boriates!
SHUN: Watch out... here it comes, Ingram!
INGRAM: Ready, Shun!
BARON: Wait for me! Bakugan Brawl!
BARON: Bakugan stand!
NEMUS: I am the evolved Haos Nemus, guided by the
glowing light!
[\u266a]
INGRAM: Nemus.
NEMUS: That's me.
SHUN: Baron. What are you...?!
BARON: We were nearby and got caught in the time freeze.
When I realized it was you I thought...maybe you
could use some back up.
Maron. You have to hide. Right now.
MARON: Mmm-hmmm.
VOLT: Enough talk.
If you both want to fight, let's go...Ability activate!
Vector Phalynx!
[blasts]
INGRAM: [pain]
NEMUS: [pain]
MARON: [screams]
BARON: Maron!
BARON: Come, Bakugan trap, Haos Guardian!
[\u266a]
BARON: Ability activate!
BARON: Eternal Cocoon!
[\u266a]
BARON: Maron!
MARON: I'm okay.
SHUN: Baron! Is she hurt?
BARON: Ah... No...She's fine...but Haos Guardian can't
attack while the Eternal Cocoon is activated Shun.
SHUN: No problem. Come Bakugan Trap, Ventus Slash!
[\u266a]
SHUN: Come on, Shadow Wing! Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan stand!
[\u266a]
VOLT: Hmmmph...that's interesting.
Gate Card, open!
VOLT: Forcement Enemy!
[\u266a]
BARON: Look at their power levels!
VOLT: Forcement Enemy is a Command Card that adds a
power level of 100 times the number of enemy
Bakugans to each Bakugan on my side...So thank you
for the points.
Even if you didn't mean it.
BARON: You think you're so smart...Nemus, Attribute Change!
NEMUS: And now Light turns to darkness!
NEMUS: Attribute Change!
Namilun Okuda, Namilun Okuda...
Haaah!
BARON: Ability activate!
BARON: Darkus Sky!
SHUN: Ingram!
INGRAM: Ready!
Launch!
SHUN: Ability activate!
Eight-span crowe!
[\u266a]
VOLT: Boriates...
Ability activate!
VOLT: Vector Phalynx!
[\u266a]
VOLT: What just happened?
It's like they've disappeared.
[\u266a]
VOLT: They're not on the sensors.
INGRAM: Invisibility is the way of the ninja.
BARON: Yeah! Nice one, Master Shun!
SHUN: Now it's time we see the sun Baron.
BARON: You got it. Ability activate!
BARON: Night Stunworks!
NEMUS: Who knew the night could be so bright? Open wide!
NEMUS: Haaaaahhhh!
VOLT: [grunt] My eyes!
[\u266a]
BARON: Good call!
SHUN: Kazami-style Ninja Torpedo Slash!
INGRAM: [mighty roar]
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Volt Lifeforce 40%
BARON/SHUN: Hmmmph!
BARON: Had enough yet, Volt?
Or do you wanna keep going?
VOLT: Okay, I'll admit it.
You two are tougher competition than I thought
you'd be...But what kind of warrior would quit
while they're still standing?
Wouldn't you agree, Brawler Shun?
SHUN: Hmmmph...sometimes it's good to quit while you're ahead.
MARON: Master Shun is so...cool.
BARON: Let me get this party started...Gate Card, set!
BARON: Bakugan Stand!
VOLT: Boriates! Take that one first!
VOLT: Bakugan stand!
VOLT: Ability activate!
VOLT: Prometheus Cannon!
VOLT: Fusion Ability Activate!
VOLT: Buster Megabarrel!
[\u266a]
VOLT: Enjoy Brawlers!
MARON: Nemus! Big brother!
SHUN: [grunt]
MARON: [scream]
[\u266a]
SHUN: It's okay Maron. You'll be safe here.
BARON: Go after my sister, will ya?
Ability activate!
BARON: Sparkly Arrow!
NEMUS: No one hurts Maron! Haaahhh!
VOLT: Yeah, whatever.
BARON: Whah?
NEMUS: Huh?
SHUN: Bakugan stand!
SHUN: Ability activate! Armored Intense Mode!
INGRAM: Watch me nullify your ability.
Haaaahhh!
VOLT: Hey...Not so fast, Thunder Chicken!
VOLT: Ahhhhhhhhh!
VOLT: Buster Megabarrel...can only be
nullified by a Haos ability!
Which you just don't have.
INGRAM: [grunt, pain]
SHUN: Oh no!
INGRAM: [grunt]
GAUNTLET: Shun Lifeforce 50%
SHUN: Ingram!
BARON: Ability activate! Divine Light!
[\u266a]
INGRAM: [grunts, woozy]
SHUN: [grunt] What the...?
BARON: Divine Light is an awesome Haos only ability
that resurrects any defeated Bakugan.
SHUN: Pretty awesome, indeed.
Thanks Baron.
BARON: It's the least I could do after you saved my sis.
I guess you forgot there was a Haos battler on our side too...?
SHUN: Hmppphh...Let's go,
Ingram....Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan stand!
[\u266a]
BARON: Alright!
SHUN: Game over, Volt!
VOLT: Now that was a lucky save...and it's not going
to win you the battle.
I think I'll be taking the Ventus Energy now.
VOLT: Mechanical Trap Bakugan, Haos Carlvelt!
[\u266a]
[roar]
VOLT: Ability activate!
VOLT: Orion Head!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set!
[\u266a]
[roar]
NEMUS: [pain]
INGRAM: [pain]
VOLT: And now all your abilities have been nullified...
So you may as well go home!
BARON: As if, Volt! Come Haos Guardian!
[\u266a]
BARON: Ability activate!
BARON: Soliton Keeper!
NEMUS: [grunt]
INGRAM: [grunt]
[\u266a]
VOLT: Too late, Baron. Ability activate!
VOLT: Hyper Tachyon Glow!
[\u266a]
BARON: Let's go. Gate Card, open!
BARON: Ring Zero!
[\u266a]
VOLT: What? He nullified my ability!
SHUN: Baron!
BARON: Yup!
SHUN/BARON: Ability activate!
SHUN: Wind Power, Light Intense Impact!
INGRAM: Haaaaahhhhh!
[\u266a]
BARON: Sparkly Arrow!
INGRAM: You're going...Doooooowwwwn!
VOLT: Huh...Double Ability, activate!
Muzzle Lancer, Plus Cima Booster!
[\u266a]
VOLT: Let's go, Boriates!
SHUN: Ingram!
BARON: Nemus!
INGRAM: [rising roar]
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Volt Lifeforce, zero.
BARON: Hey guys, we're back!
RUNO: Did you have fun visiting with your brother?
DAN: Hey Shun, where did you disappear to?
SHUN: To my meditation room.
MARON: [gasp]
DAN: Who can meditate after sitting around so long?
DRAGO: You could learn a lot about balance from Shun.
MARON: [giggle]
JULIE: Will you come and
visit us again soon, little Maron?
MARON: Um...as soon as Baron will let me.
DAN: You make sure to say hi to Klaus for me when
you get back to Vestal.
Okay Maron?
DRAGO: And please give my best to Sirenoid.
MARON: Sure. Thanks again for everything,
Master Dan and Drago.
MARON: I miss you already, Big Brother.
BARON: [gasp] Maron.
[laughs]
BARON: Maron...huh? Where'd you...go?
SHUN: Yes, little one?
MARON: Thanks for protecting me today,
Shun...You're the best...
[kiss]
MARON: [giggle] Bye-bye guys!
BARON: [laughter]
DAN: Drago? What do you think Maron said to Shun.
DRAGO: Who knows.
RUNO: I hope she makes it back safely.
BARON: After the action we saw today, I'm sure it'll
be no problem.
RUNO: Huh? What action?
BARON: Um, never mind.
I was just talking about the rollercoaster.
Yeah, that's it.
JULIE: So Ace and I have been hanging out a lot and
were becoming pretty good friends.
But then Billy showed up like a blast from the past
and brought Lync and Mylene.
But I was too excited about Billy to notice.
JULIE: Meanwhile Ace and the others were having
special Bakugan Battles in a virtual training world
that Marucho created.
They said it wasn't real but some of those hits
looked painful.
Y'owch!
JULIE: Real or not.
It's serious business that has to be seen to be believed.
JULIE: C'mon Gorem!
Bakugan Brawl!
JULIE: Boy, that one really had legs!
[\u266a]